be two people Facebook people or whoever
is watching this I got a little review
of an exploitation lines basically a
Minecraft game a copy of Minecraft not
minecraft it's a block building game
that has basically everything you would
run in Minecraft isn't that amazing you
don't get survival I don't think but
because I don't know if their survival I
only have but my return which I only see
creative mode but if you might you
thought you guys might you want to get
the full version if you think it's cool
but if you don't think it's cool and I
would not recommend getting this game I
don't like to seem at all really
exploration like I'd rather play
Minecraft in this game minecraft there's
a way better than this game let's go
ahead and go into it and see what it's
all about exploration down here you'll
see that there's a delete button there
mainly you an Add button now with these
buttons do is when you press menu you'll
see this little box and it has all your
items that you see for Minecraft in it
except for they have different textures
like if I wanted to get like a like one
of these mushrooms I tap it and then I
press and then I press N and then oh
what a D which is kind of awkward
because normally you would just tap in
this game you can't tap which is not
cool so I don't like it that way anyway
that's going to the other blocks see
what else there is to offer in here I
think this is stone just going to check
that out to you it is okay it's gonna
pleasure
you know why so don't leave gonna press
delete menu block defect in the ante
no that's actually gravel are you a
friend of mine craft just so we can
think that looks yeah looks the same
yeah not really different I got 10%
murder you know I put on that to make it
a really quick video
you got your flowers ladder would torch
grass leaf stone slab your slabs
actually cobble sand gravel your
mushrooms sand or just dirt there are
sugar canes I think in more slabs and
your bookshelf a TV whatever that is I'm
not sure that is either maybe some kind
of what block I'm not I'm not sure but I
think there's a chest
yeah that's just furnace I'm no these
two beats other blocks are except for
the book the furnace in the chest this
is I guess carpet more copper with some
iron gold and some I guess what you
would call beds you're so in these
things you have in Minecraft I'm not
gonna say all of them but you guys can
comment below tell me see you guys can
figure out what the heck P since are and
what all these are
I know this is a milestone in San wood
stone mean yeah just wood stuff
what crap yeah we're go ahead and take a
water buns ur the buns are down there to
watch your hand press the buttons to
walk
it looks care done all that you say
mm-hm just looks all shitty sorry excuse
my language but it does it's gonna burst
I think yeah I don't know I don't know
if he didn't jump in this game I haven't
figured that out yeah yeah it's his
button delete this so was a button to
eat and you know there's no rendered
inventory down here to see what the heck
you have and that is really not cool I
got this game for free do not pay for
this game I would never pay for this
game at all I'd also go to menu go to
new turn you know I think I didn't eat
I'm not really sure but there's
according to menu again it's going to
see you full version I'm not getting
that screw you guys I'm gonna waste my
time paying money for that crap I don't
need graphics you also got some playing
I guess I think that's know can't fly
first elite um but yeah that's a review
of this game pretty crappy game and I'll
see you guys later peace out rate
comment subscribe